= Unobtrusive DateTime-Picker Widget Plugin

This is a helper for creating a date-time picker that uses a modified version of the
Unobtrusive Date-Picker Widgit(sic)
(http://www.frequency-decoder.com/2006/10/02/unobtrusive-date-picker-widgit-update)
to add a clickable calendar image that will bring up a calendar picker if
javascript is available. It replicates as much of the API of the Rails `datetime_select` form helper.

This plugin is based *heavily* on the work of Brian Landau and his unobtrusive_date_picker
plugin.

The javascript date functions are all from the Datejs library (http://code.google.com/p/datejs/).

You may want to consider compressing the javascript files with Dean Edward's
Packer (http://dean.edwards.name/packer/) or Douglas Crockford's JSMin
(http://www.crockford.com/javascript/jsmin.html) before deploying your
application.

== Install

   `git clone git://github.com/sob/unobtrusive_datetime_picker.git`

== Usage

To be able to use the datetime-picker methods below you need to include the
javascript library file and CSS stylesheet in your layout template. 
You can do this either by manually including the files via a
`javascript_include_tag` and a `stylesheet_link_tag` (the files are both named
"datetimepicker"), OR by using the included `unobtrusive_datetimepicker_includes` 
helper method, which will do this for you.

There are 4 main methods:
   - unobtrusive_datetime_text_picker
   - unobtrusive_date_text_picker
   - unobtrusive_datetime_text_picker_tags
   - unobtrusive_date_text_picker_tags

Options (* indicates same functionality as is in Rails Date helpers):
   - *:minute_step => how many minutes apart each minute option should be
       - example: (:minute_step => 5) would result in [0, 15, 30, 45] as options
   - :highlight_days => which days of the week should be highlighted in the datepicker (by default Saturday and Sunday)
       - Excepts either a string of number representing days of the week (0 = Monday, 1 = Tuesday ... 6 = Sunday)
       - Or a singular symbol for one day of the week
       - Or an array of symbols representing days of the week, i.e. [:Monday, :Sunday]
   - :range_low => the low range of acceptable dates (not times) for this input 
       - managed by the Javascript, thus should be enforced with your own validations
       - Excepts:
         - One of the following symbols: :today, :tomorrow, :yesterday
         - A string representation of a date
         - A Date, DateTime, or Time object
   - :range_high => the high range of acceptable dates (not times) for this input
       - Excepts same options as :range_low; also managed by javascript
   - :disable_days => days of the week that may not be selected
       - Excepts the same format as :highlight_days
       - Also managed by javascript
   - :no_transparency => if set to true it disables the fade in/out
                         visual effect of the datepicker
    - :format => the format the date should be in
      - m-d-y
      - d-m-y
      - y-m-d
   - :divider => the divider used between the dates
      - "slash" or "/"
      - "dash"  or "-"
      - "dot"   or "."
      - "space" or " " 

==== Rake task

There is also a rake task that can be executed by running `rake
datetimepicker:update` in your Rails apps root directory. This task will update your
datetimepicker javascripts, stylesheets, and images. This is useful if you are using
an old version of the plugin that had an older version of the Unobtrusive
Date-Picker Widget Javascript library, or in the future when new version are
release and I update the plugin with them.

=== Example:
   <% form_for :event, :method => :create do |f| %>
   <fieldset>
      ...
      <label>Start Date: <%= f.unobtrusive_datetime_picker :start_at %></label><br />
      ...
   </fieldset>
   <% end %>


== LICENSE

See MIT-LICENSE file for copyright and licensing information for this plugin.

DateJS library is released under the MIT-LICENSE

Unobtrusive Date-Picker Widgit is provided under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/) by frequency-decoder.com
